	On a hot summer in a moldy underground lab, a mad scientist's experiment results in a potion that gives life to inanimate objects.
The scientist tests this potion on a chainsaw creating Animated Chainsaw. In hindsight this was a bad idea because the chainsaw come to life
and cuts the scientists head off. The chainsaw then cuts through the metal lab door and burst out into the streets of downtown Chicago. 
The Animated Chainsaw lusts for blood.
	Once in downtown Chicago the chainsaw met a man named Dan. Dan cried out in fear of the chainsaw. Dan didn't know what to think of this 
life like chainsaw. He wondered what was keeping the chainsaw running, something had to be completing the circuit of the magnetic relay that kept it going.
Meanwhile the chainsaw reved, It was envious of Dan, his abiltiy to analyze cirucits, his ability to walk and communicate. The chainsaw struck quickly
slicing dan and taking his legs and brain. The formally Animated Chainsaw had evolved into a humanoid chainsaw that can analyze linear circuits with 
overly long winded exlplanations. The chainsaw moved on..
	Lucky for humankind, the chainsaw was only exposed to the barren Nevada landscape. But it was like a shark - once it realized its lust for blood,
it would't stop until its desires were satisfied. So, it wandered the desert, eventually arriving at the highway. The chainsaw was sad for the lack of 
linear circuits, but then, it noticed a blue beetlelike contraption put-putting by. 
	It turned out that the blue bettlelike contraption was an ancient model of car, popular in the 1960s. The chainsaw, in fact, had been thrown through
time and space, travelling from modern Chicago to the Nevada deserts of the 20th century. Unbeknownst to anyone else, this was the mad scientist's plan 
from the beginning - to send the chainsaw to kill his parents before the scientist was born, creating a time paradox that would rip apart the universe
itself. 
	Back in the year of 1960, the chainsaw came to the scientist's parents door. It was a quite, cloudless night, the moon was the only source of light
The chainsaw knocked on the door three times. It heard footsteps. The door creaaaaaked open. Imediately the chainsaw lunged at the couple that stood before
it. It sliced both of them in half with one swift stroke. And then suddenly the darkness of the night sky swallowed the Earth. Then there was nothing.
It was THE END.
